Welcome to John nano degree program.
My name is Steven Chen,
I'm a full-stack developer with more than ten years
experience in building web applications.
In this course, we are going to refresh all the John knowledge first.
Then, we're going to introduce SpringBoard framework.
I'll show you how to implement SpringBoard application for a scratch.
We are going to implement a product ready SpringBoard application using the web-socket.
We're also going to correspond SpringBoard miscellaneous topics like validation,
hot swap, logging, exception handling and paging.
We are going to introduce template engine,
and we're going to focus on temp leave.
I hope you enjoy this course, and I will see you later.